Client Imaging
My target client group will consist of Chinese Americans who are first- or second-generation immigrants, have a deep Chinese cultural background, and are currently using private wealth/retail wealth services but not receiving exceptional service.
Customer Base Analysis and My Focus
According to American Community Survey from United States Census Bureau, the Chinese American population in the Greater Chicago area grew from 144,903 in 2010 to 189,857 in 2020, a 31% increase over 10 years (2.7% annually). This leads me to estimate that the population in 2023 is 205,888. According to the Federal Reserve's Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF), as of 2020, 4.5% of American households have a net worth of more than 3 million. With an average household size of 2.5 people, we are looking at a potential client base ranging from 3,700 to 4,000 in just the Greater Chicago area. This is based on the growth of wealth and inflation within the last three years and an annual increase of 50 to 60 households.
Client groups I will connect with include local business owners with asset allocation needs between mainland China and the US, or family trusts with funds from the mainland in need of reliable investment support.
My Strengths
Born and raised in mainland China and having spent 7 years studying and living in the US, I have a deeper understanding of the financial and personal needs of the Chinese American group. Instead of only providing clients with financial solutions, I can offer more exceptional family office services tailored to their needs. Additionally, my educational background and knowledge enable me to provide clients with overseas businesses a more in-depth outlook on both markets.
How I Will Acquire My First 10 million and Initial Marketing Plan
I will roll out marketing materials as a brand-new Mandarin-speaking service, initially reaching out to clients via email and highlighting myself as one of the first Chinese American-targeted private wealth services in the Midwest. New family households moving to Chicago will be my main resource for businesses that were using a Chinese family office service and are seeking a new one based on location. I will also reach out to Asian business community leaders and business owners, understand the current services they are using, and introduce the exceptional experience and relationship I can offer to create conversions.
Weaknesses
I'm new to the industry and lack experience in financial advisory.
Market Penetration
Morgan Stanley currently has about 18 Mandarin-speaking financial advisors in the New York area and 36 in California. In the Midwest area, there are two Mandarin-speaking FAs for general advisory in Naperville, with very little penetration here in the Midwest for Asian American ultra-high net worth client groups.
Based on the one-pager above, here are more detailed demographics and client imaging for Asian American clients. I will also provide a couple of samples from the group to show the strategy for reaching out.
Chinese
This group will be my main target for developing a book of business. Most Chinese residents in Illinois gather in Chicago, Naperville, and Champaign. Multiple business communities are based in Chicago's Chinese American community, including FBAUSA (Fu Jian Business Association), Chicago Chinatown Chamber of Commerce, and HKC (Hong Kong Club). There are other locally-based business communities, such as Columbus Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Midwest USA Chinese Chamber of Commerce.
Business owners in the Midwest area with a net worth over 3 million are primarily grouped in retail, logistics, catering, and real estate development. Potential clients are mainly retail service developers who need investment management for their assets.
Eddie Ni (LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/in/eddie-ni-01b4119/)
Currently based in Richfield, Ohio, Eddie Ni is the chairman of Windfall Group, a real-estate development company that currently runs 15 projects across 10 states, with one-third of them based in IL. The president has sought investment opportunities for his assets by starting the investment division Goldenstone (GDSTU) within the group and getting listed on Nasdaq. The company merged with a crypto payment company on June 21, 2022, and has no volume on the market. As the investment attempt did not achieve great success, I believe the client may need professional investment services for his personal assets and future business development.
Approach Strategy
I will reach out to the client in a professional manner, and the initial conversation can be focused on his real estate business and my personal experience related to it. The service will primarily focus on his investment management for the firm's assets and business financing and planning support.
Gary Chen
Gary Chen is the CEO of PARK TO SHOP, an Asian retail chain store mainly based in Chicago and Ohio. The company owners actively attend community meetings and recently celebrated their annual meeting. The report on the annual meeting leads me to believe that the company is currently running in great condition, and the increase in wealth will lead the client to seek wealth management services.
Approach Strategy
I will reach out to the client for an in-person meeting. I can share personal experiences with the client and provide suggestions on their business. The service will focus on his wealth management and support on local market research for development and competition.



Japanese & Korean

These ethnic groups gather in Arlington Heights, primarily around the Mitsuwa Marketplace and the Mitsubishi factory, which is considered the Japanese town area. The population of these groups is considerably smaller, and there is no notable business community in this area. Most of the residents are factory workers or restaurant workers. The largest business community organization is JASC (Japan America Society of Chicago). This organization is active, hosting multiple events within the community focusing on local Japanese business development, and has excellent networking with local high-net-worth Japanese Americans.

Here are some typical clients I can possibly win:

Yasushi Kubo (LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasushi-kubo-5a26ba22/)
Yasushi Kubo is a partner at PWC, working in audit and accounting services for Japanese-owned subsidiaries doing business in the US (Mid-Central Region). He also serves as the Treasurer at JASC. I believe the client has great local business connections and is in need of discretionary wealth management services.

Mari Yamamoto Regnier (LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mari-yamamoto-regnier-624a246/)
Mari Yamamoto Regnier is the Chair of the Japanese service group for Barnes & Thornburg in the Chicago area, serving public and privately held Japanese businesses in the U.S. and their parent companies and affiliates in Japan. She also serves as the Executive Vice President at JASC.

These two samples are both partners/executives of companies with compliance requirements either from an audit or legal perspective. They both serve as board members at JASC. Clients will need discretionary services provided by Morgan Stanley to manage their assets, and building relationships with these clients will open more connections with high-net-worth clients from the Japanese community in the Midwest.

Southeast Asian American
This group mainly consists of people from Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, etc. No significant business development organization exists for this ethnic group. This group will not be my target.
